Document possible values for `no_proxy` (#7851)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/proxy.md

      - host2
```

##### NO_PROXY accepted values

* A domain name matches that name and all subdomains.
  - e.g. `datadoghq.com` matches `app.agent.datadoghq.com`, `www.datadoghq.com`, `datadoghq.com`, but **not** `www.notdatadoghq.com`
  - e.g. `datadoghq` matches `frontend.datadoghq`, `backend.datadoghq`, but **not** `www.datadoghq.com` nor `www.datadoghq.eu`
* A domain name with a leading "." matches subdomains only.
  - e.g. `.datadoghq.com` matches `app.agent.datadoghq.com`, `www.datadoghq.com`, but **not** `datadoghq.com`

> * A CIDR range will match an IP address within the subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A CIDR range matches an IP address within the subnet.
```
